feat(curriculum): forum leaderboard project (#50241)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-fetch-promises-and-async-await-by-building-an-fcc-forum-leaderboard/6444ea120b9793013db17fa9.md

---
id: 6444ea120b9793013db17fa9
title: Step 56
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-56
---

# --description--

> In the function named `countingViews`, pass the argument named `views`, so that the function can use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `countingViews` function, pass `views` as an argument, so that the function can use it.
```

Author: added
